C:\Users\admin\TestPj
Git tracks changes
git is a
row 3
1.Topic 1, Case Study: 1 
Label Maker app 
Requirements 
Data 
You identify the following requirements for data management and manipulation: 
• Order data is stored as non relational JSON and must be queried using Structured Query Language (SQL). 
• Changes to the Order data must reflect immediately across all partitions. All reads to the Order data must fetch the most recent writes. 
Security 
You have the following security requirements: 
•  Users of Coho Winery applications must be able to provide access to documents, resources, and applications to external partners. 
• External partners must use their own credentials and authenticate with their organization's identity management solution.
 • External partner logins must be audited monthly for application use by a user account administrator to maintain company compliance. 
 • Storage of e-commerce application settings must be maintained in Azure Key Vault. 
 • E-commerce application sign-ins must be secured by using Azure App Service authentication and Azure Active Directory (AAD). 
 • Conditional access policies must be applied at the application level to protect company content. 
 • The LabelMaker application must be secured by using an AAD account that has full access to all namespaces of the Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster. 
 Label Maker app 
 Azure Monitor Container Health must be used to monitor the performance of workloads that are deployed to Kubernetes environments and hosted on Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS). 
 You must use Azure Container Registry to publish images that support the AKS deployment. 
 Architecture 
 
 
 
Issues
Calls to the Printer API App fail periodically due to printer communication timeouts.
Printer communication timeouts occur after 10 seconds. The label printer must only receive up to 5 attempts within one minute. 
The order workflow fails to run upon initial deployment to Azure.
Order.json 
Relevant portions of the app fries are shown below Line numbers are induced for reference only. 
This JSON file contains a representation of the data for an order that includes a single item. 
